Is it English and only English? Okay, let's do it in English. I hope I just told you in Spanish that um it should be clear that um if we talk about the Russian assets and I imagine that I have a full house not because you want to hear me speak about competitivity, the housing problem in the European Union, our um approach to the membership of uh Muldova and Ukraine to the European Union cluster one, the situation in the Middle East, European defense and security, competitivity and the double transition. If so, please ask me questions. If not, I suppose most of you are here uh to talk about the frozen and immobilized Russian assets. And uh maybe it is important to underline first and foremost that Belgium does not want to see one euro of that money returned to Russia. The philosophy has always been and that's normal if you talk about immobilized assets which are sovereign assets. It's central bank money. We're not talking about the frozen assets to be very clear because I noticed that there is a lot of mix-ups and a lot of colleagues mix these terms uh up which you shouldn't do because legally everything you do and everything you say is of course of utmost importance. Frozen assets belong to diverse beneficiaries and are not at play here. We're talking about the immobilized assets, the sovereign uh assets, the central bank money. Um you could compare it what happened with the war uh that Iraq waged in Kuwait. They also invaded the country. Their sovereign assets were also immobilized and after the war the money was used for the reconstruction of Kuwait. And that is until now the philosophy that Europe has followed and other nations as well. There are immobilized assets in Japan in uh 50 billion uh is in Japan in immobilized assets and there are amounts in immobilized and frozen assets in the UK, in Canada, in the United States, in uh Switzerland and other uh nations and they're all immobilized. So the entire world reacts in exactly the same way. You immobilize central bank money. you wait until there is a peace treaty and in that peace treaty you get a signature of both parties and there is uh an agreement on what should be done with the money and our philosophy has always been at the end of the day uh Ukraine needs to be reconstructed that will probably take hundreds of billions of euros to repair the destruction and at that moment um the Russian money can be used because it will be also legally possible in the framework of of peace treaty. Uh now the proposals that um can be made because until now I haven't seen any concrete texts yet because I haven't read any concrete texts yet but I have been explained of course uh what a new proposal can look like and the new proposal is that we're going to do something that has never been done before. We're going to not confiscate because we cannot use the word confiscate. But if it looks like confiscation, smells like confiscation, and it talks like confiscation, maybe you could call it a sort of confiscation, you're going to take the money, but is now at the ECB. So, Euroclear has uh all kinds of assets that have turned into cash. The cash is deposited at the ECB. You have windfall profits that are used to pay the G7 loan. And then you have tax money in Belgium on these windfall profits that is used for the bilateral aid to Ukraine. That's a chicken and the golden eggs. The eggs are given to Ukraine. The chicken is sitting at the ECB, but it is the chicken of Euroclear which represents uh the claim that Russia has on its sovereign assets. If you take the chicken and you start eating it by giving loans to Ukraine, saying you can start and eat uh the chicken, then you're in a different situation. Legally, you're in a totally different uh situation. Can this be legal? This is a very good question. It's a very good question. There are no clear answers. If you ask lawyers, they usually present you also with a big bill. You have to pay them enormous amount of money and then they give you a text that you don't understand. And then you get a second opinion of another lawyer that you even have to pay more and that you don't understand as well. And is it possible? Is it not possible? There's no clarity on that. In Japan, they have decided not possible. Central bank money is immune. They're not going to touch it. There's a certain logic to this. Even during the Second World War, this did not happen. Immobilized money is immune. It's like an embassy. You don't touch it. You don't use it. So, it's a first. We're in uncharted waters. Is it legal? Is it not legal? That's the very first question. What is the legal basis to do this? It is unclear. It's a matter that needs to be solved uh before we can go forwards on this. I think everybody would sleep better if we would know that the legality of it is underpinned. We will in any case be buried in litigation. That seems like a certainty. I don't think that Russia will take this in a in a nice way. I heard a Belgian journalist on television say, "Oh, I have the impression that for Putin this money is already written off." I do not have that impression. This is not exactly what we hear from uh Moscow. Moscow has told us that if we touch the money, we would feel the consequences until eternity, which seems to be a long time, eternity. So they will uh do counter measures that seems to be very logical. that can take the form of counter confiscations of western money frozen in banks in Russia, confiscation of westernowned companies, European companies, uh Russian courts making decisions on confiscations and maybe making these decisions also valid in other jurisdictions that are friendly to Russia. Russia also has allies and if Russian courts start saying we're going to seize European assets can take all kinds of forms of assets. uh they could turn against the clients of Euroclear which is the entire world uh against the shareholders of of Euroclear uh companies of European origin you name it and they could imagine counter measures against it in Russia and maybe also in allied countries so it's risky business I think an analysis on what the consequences could be would be helpful before you take a decision that everybody who is on board if all the member states are on board uh with this decision that they need to know what they are risking But of course besides the counter confiscations and the counter measures we will be buried in litigation. There was already a lot of litigation uh running because of course we have a treaty with Russia is the Belg Luxembourg in uh uh investment treaty and that uh foresees arbitrage and proceedings and already on the frozen assets we are under arbitrage. There's the one of the oligarchs Mr. Freriedman who is claiming countries with frozen assets like Luxembourg. He has 8 billion there frozen not immobilized and he's claiming them for 16 billion. That's not very nice. That's like the sword of damicas hanging over your head. Claims of not only the money but also damages. So it could double the amount if you take 180 billion you could get for 360 billion of claims. And then you have to add all the frozen assets to that who are already in litigation. That's enormous. That's enormous. So a legal basis is not a luxury. It's not a detail. Having a bit of legal certainty uh might help you and convince uh convince you that you will not start losing all that litigation and all these proceedings because this could become very very very costly. So that's the that's the first issue. If you talk about the Russian assets, um is it legal? What are you based on? Which article in which treaty are you based on? Are you basing your uh decision on to uh to go forward on u on taking the assets? Then there are uh a few more problems that need to be solved. Um the next one is probably the most important one and you don't have to take it from me. We had the good fortune of having Christine Lagarda uh present at the council to uh together with Patrick Donahghue to give the uh semesteral um review on the Euro zone and the situation the economic situation on the eur Euro zone and our monetary situation of the Euro zone. And of course, this was the opportunity to ask Christine Lagarda, how do you see this, the idea of taking money that is on your balance, ECB balance, using it for something else? Is this possible? And she said, well, um, it can be done. She didn't, of course, she's not a lawyer. Uh, she did not say it's legal or it's illegal. This is that it can be done. But there is one very important condition and that is that the cash needs to be guaranteed the moments that Russia can uh actually claim the money for whatever reason because a court decided so the sanctions are lifted. There is a peace treaty that not does not obligate Russia to pay back. There's a peace plan lead you could read truth social Mr. Trump has a 12point plan uh in that plan you see that the money has to return to Russia literally it has to return to Russia 300 billion of immobilized that's probably a figure worldwide have to return to Russia and then Russia has to pay Ukraine for the damage well in the hypothesis that Mr. Trump who is a very strong man gets this done in a year then the cash needs to be there immediately. So in case the Russian claim becomes tangible for whatever reason you need in a very short amount of time to be able to guarantee that the cash is there. This is of course a problem. If you take the cash and you give it to the Ukraine the cash is gone. It's not there anymore. So somebody needs to guarantee the moment it goes wrong then in a very short amount of amount of time 140 160 it depends on how much you use the money that you've used let's say 140 that's the figure I I've been reading 140 that you need to put 140 billion on the table immediately and these guarantees have to be not vague But concrete because of course the markets are watching and if they see you take out of Euro clear 140 billion you start doing thing things with that but you do not have a backs stop for that in cash there's no solution for your guarantee there's no real solution then there will be a market reaction then you will undermine the trust in euroclear as a financial institution the eurolear holds trillions of euros in reserve if there is a a breach in the trust in the financial system there will be very heavy consequences for our financial system and even for the Euro zone. So that guarantee has to be very very solid and that is of course a big question. Who's going to give that guarantee? Is it the member states? It's a question I asked my colleagues. Is it you? Is it the member states? Because the European Commission can make an ordinance saying we will take the money but the Europe European Commission cannot obligate a member state to sign a guarantee. That's a sovereign competence which means that everybody has to put a signature on a paper saying I'm responsible for x% of that operation and the moment it goes wrong I will immediately pay the amount of cash if it's needed. I asked my colleagues who is ready, willing and able to sign that because you take the money from my country, it goes wrong. I am not able uh certainly not willing but even not able to in a week's time pay 140 billion euros out of Belgium's rich and full pockets. We're not able to do so. So I would imagine that everybody who's really for this decision really wants to make it happen also is ready, willing and able to sign the guarantee so that I can sleep quietly at night knowing that if the it goes wrong, if it goes sour the solidarity will make that the money is actually there. This question was not answered with a tsunami of enthusiasm around the table. I think maybe colleagues are reflecting on this now and then then and then know that certainly after Christine Lala confirmed that this is the case the guarantees have to be there they have to be concrete they have to be immediate so they heard it from Christian so I guess they all went home reflecting on this saying ah if we move forward on the Russian money I actually morally am obligated to go before my parliament and say if this goes wrong we also have a problem and I that to put my signature on a document uh for that uh for these guarantees. If it's not from the member states that this guarantee uh will come uh it is for me a question mark from where else it could come. I have no answer to this question and I did not receive an answer to that question although it's an important one. That's um the second problem, the guarantees. Uh then there is a third problem that um Christine Lagarda put on the table uh that also asked questions about but nobody elaborated on it but she spontaneously uh talked about it. That is of course uh the um risk for the Euro zone. And her strong recommendation is that if you do an operation like that and you want the world to perceive it as a legitimate operation that it would be good if you do not do it alone and that is what I asked my colleagues also. I say I understand why you're looking at Belgium because we have the biggest chicken of the immobilized asset. The fattest chicken is in in in Belgium. But there are other chickens around in the Euro zone. There are other countries with immobilized assets. There are six. None of them have ever given any transparency on how much money they have and no transparency on the windfall profits of that money. No transparency on the tax income of that money. Actually, Euro Clear is the only financial institution in the world that is um implicated in the solidarity for Ukraine. There is at least as much money in the rest of the world. Trump says 300 billion. This means that half of it is in euroclear and the other half is the world round. But nobody ever talks about this. Nobody ever volunteered to say I also Japan 50 billion. I also have been full profits. I also have tax money. I could offer that money to Ukraine. We're the only ones doing it. So you can imagine for me that it is a bit sour that we are fingerpointed now as the unwilling country. Yeah. Politico said that I'm a bad boy. A bad boy. Me. How can you imagine that? Everybody confirmed that I'm a I'm a good boy. It was like I was assisting my own funeral. They all said, "No, you're a good boy. It's like your funeral. Everybody comes and say that you are very nice." I'm not a bad boy. We're the best boy in town. We're the best boy in town. If you talk about immobilized assets, we are the very very best. And like I said, if you move, then you have to move together and preferably with a non Euro country. Okay, this also is a problem. If you want to create a perception that you're doing something that's legal and if you want to avoid very negative attention for the Euro zone, then maybe those who have reserves in pound sterling, in Japanese yen or in Canadian dollars or in Norwegian money or in Swiss Franks could volunteer to say, "We'll help you. We also uh we every day we say that we stand with Ukraine. So now we're going to put our money literally or Putin's money literally where our mouth is and we're going to move together with you to make this operation a success. So these are three uh issues. It took us a long time to discuss them. We discussed about this for uh for hours. Uh and then afterwards at the dinner we discussed it with Christine Lagardo who gave her expert opinion who uh and also indicated that these problems that we put on the table are actually real. They're real. They're not imagined. They are not a question of be not being willing or being reluctant. That's because they are real and they have to be solved. Uh and the conclusion of the council uh at the end of the day if you look at the draft you will see that it is short and that it only says that there is a problem with the financing of Ukraine. This is true. Everybody thinks that this should be solved. 26 of the 27 want to solve the financial problem of Ukraine. I also I'm ready, willing, and able to do whatever it takes to help uh the Ukrainian ally. Let there be no doubt about this. Um and that the commission has to work on uh proposals plural uh for solutions of proposals plural for a solution single um to get this done. And uh the drafting also states the obvious that the immobilized assets will stay immobilized until the end of the war which was always of course the philosophy of the immobilized assets. So that's a that's a no-brainer. Um but for the rest it is uh a question mark. So I guess in uh this uh this problem will return to the table because uh time is running out. I think before the end of the year we need a solution to keep Ukraine in the war and to uh take care of their financial problems. I'm ready, willing, and able to do so. And so I'm ready, willing, and able to engage as we are a particular member state holding Euro clear. We are a particular member state. So I'm uh ready to engage with the commission uh and other uh people who would might want to talk to me about it uh to say are there solutions for uh for the problems that uh that we uh that we um put on the table. So to summarize, can we make it legal and what are the risks and the counter measures that we face the legality and the counter measures of Putin? Um can we com uh convince another country outside of the Euro zone in the Euro zone maybe the six and then can these six conv count countries to move along uh with us? And third problem and I think the biggest problem how do you guarantee that the cash is there immediately when it goes wrong? If we find solutions for these three problems then maybe we can go ahead. Uh if not um maybe another option can be in um can be put on the table to get the financing of Ukraine uh on the road. That's about it. I see uh some questions. Uh, let's start with uh the nice lady on the last row. That's you. I notice if I say nice lady that you think I'm talking about somebody else. Financial times. Have you spoken to Zilinski today about this? And does he understand your concerns? And if the concerns are addressed, if um is it still realistic to go for the December timeline to agree then to get the money to pay early 2026? Um did we talk to Zilinski? Yes, we did. Uh he was present. Uh no, he comes every time but usually is by video link and he gives a report on the situation in Ukraine. This time he was physically there. he uh gave a a report and and of course we engaged him on the on the problems he's uh facing but I'm um reluctant to go into details on on on on what he said is always very delicate. It's the part of the meeting where you also have to uh leave your phone in the box outside and there's a reason for this. Of course, the enemy is also uh listening. So I'm I'm I'm rather reluctant to uh go into details about um what Silinski said and what we we asked him. Um let's not go into that. Uh your second question is it uh the timing realistic? It is of course uh as we say in our beautiful Dutch language that you speak is 5 uh before 12. Uh it's very urgent. We have a few weeks and the problems are not to be underestimated. that needs to be solved. So I think uh we will have to burn the midnight oil and all the legal teams that we have uh will burn the midnight oil. Their bills will become more important and higher. I clearly chose the wrong profession in my life. If I see uh how much uh you have to pay a lawyer that is specialized in financial issues um and they will probably write papers and these papers will be compared with each other and at the end of the day there will be the moment of truth. Is this tangible? Is this possible? And then of course the even more important question if they confirm what is necessary will others be able to comply? It could become an issue of every individual member state taking the engagements to make this work. And of course that's not a question that I can answer. Uh you have 26 others to ask this question to uh we'll go from the back row to the front row. But please, thank you, Prime Minister. you already explained us um all these concerns you had uh during the Copenhagen summit. So do you imply that in three weeks u time you didn't receive any answer to your broad questions you put forward uh not feeling that other member states between the 26 share of your concerns. Okay, delicate questions. Uh, in Copenhagen, I actually put 10 points on the table, 10 concrete points. I didn't repeat all those 10 points today. So, um, you could call that progress. Uh, we limited us to the essential points uh, which are really important. other uh matters are of general concern and are sometimes discussed and maybe uh I will not say met but but I did not repeat them. uh others are still there but I I chose to focus on what is really uh essential and what was also confirmed later in the evening by Christine Lagardo when she put her um reflections on the table corresponded 100% with the questions I asked and uh so I think we're at the heart of the problem now so that's if you call could call that progress in Copenhagen that's progress we know the essence of the problem uh what is really problematic and what needs to be done um how do the others uh react to this? It's not uh I'm not I'm not their spokesperson. I I I find these questions delicate. Um my impression is of course that um many uh heads of government um are a bit torn between um their willingness to support Ukraine which is outspoken. uh most of them are very outspoken or willing to do that. And then of course if you if you're a politician and you want to do something and you see a pot of gold, it becomes almost irresistible not to use the gold to do what you will. So that's one component. The other component is of course that they have to acknowledge that these questions are real, that the risks are real and that the questions are real and that the guarantees needs to be there. And it is a bit of a mixed feelings atmosphere around the table saying yes, we want to support Ukraine and no, we want to we never want to give Putin his money back. And it would be almost poetic that Ukraine supported with Russian money. It's it's Robin Hood story. Yeah, it's it's it's for public opinion. It's it's a bestseller. You take Putin's money, you use it to give it to Ukraine. It's it's it's like a novel. Uh that's very tempting. But on the other hand, the back side of the envelope is real. And if you sketch it and um I can be very charming sketching problems uh very analytically, the reaction is darn this doesn't seem to be so simple. Uh and in the answers I got, I'm not going to say what my colleague said. That's not up to me. But I can say that everybody reacted and in their reaction everybody mentioned what I said. I was at the um the focus of u the meeting which is always very nice. Yes lady next to you. Thank you. Um what was the decisive argument within the discussion that made the conclusion uh got tighter? Mhm. That changed the drafting. Yeah. From a long text to a very short text. Um uh drafts are of course negotiated and normally um Mr. Costa has a very good habit to invest a lot in the drafting beforehand which is excellent. So you can have uh good debates and you don't have to lose time in pushing words and commas around uh to get a good draft. This time paragraph 8 was um more or less undrafted. There was a draft but that was not negotiate negotiated before and and uh Antonio also said this to the council. I have a paragraph 8 but I received amendments from Belgium to paragraph 8 and they have not been negotiated. Most colleagues I noticed weren't even um informed of the amendments that we put on the table. They literally didn't know them. I had some colleagues asking me the text what what what are these amendments? And of course these amendments are uh answers to the questions not answers to the questions but we amended the text in a way that the questions are put in the text and that the necess the necessity for answers is also articulated. So at the end of the day there were two choices. Either you take the amended text by uh our team which says okay we want to move forward on the Russian money but then these are the problems and they need answers and before you come back concrete answers need to be on the table for mutualization the guarantees everything was in there. The other option is of course to push the text back to the minimum saying we have a problem and we want a solution and that is what happened at the end of the day. It was reduced to the bare minimum saying Ukraine has a problem. We want to help them. The commission needs to find solutions and we need to talk about this. There were two options. either you do full monty and every problem is covered or you do the short monty that doesn't exist in English that expression but you know what I mean the bare minimum uh just describing the problem and which means that it is postponed and that um probably next time um we will have the debate again hopefully then based on text about the legality um a proposition for the guarantees and maybe with the engagement of non-Euro countries countries and Europe countries who have immobilized assets to join us that would be brilliant. If in uh a few weeks time we are there a good legal basis protecting us from litigation and counter measures an engagement of non-Euro countries saying we'll go with you in this uh non-confiscation of the money and then uh the guarantees that the cash will always be there if needed then we can talk other options. I'm not going to elaborate on other options. Uh there are of course always options if you want to um create money uh in a short amount of time. We did it in the COVID crisis as well. If Europe wants to create money, it can create money. This is called debt. But of course, this is also a very sensitive topic. But the big advantage of debt is that you know it. You know how much it is. You know how long you will um bear it. You know exactly who's responsible for it. The disadvantage of the Russian money is that you have no idea how far the litigation will go, how long it will take and what you will encounter in problems. So are there other options? Yes, but of course some of these options demand unonymity around the table and this could also be very problematic. We're going to the next. I'm I'm coming to you. Don't worry. Don't worry. Just patience. Patience. Um yeah. Europe table a short question. Uh the idea of headroom as a guarantee is this one option that could be used for for this one question of the what exactly of the of the MF? Ah yeah the MFF could of course be the solution but that starts in 2028. our problem. The finest Yeah. Yeah. With Bloomberg, two questions. First, you said that the guarantees should be immediately available. There was some discussion at some point about having a liquidity safety net like some sort of paid in capital I assume for you this is a a requirement that there should be some capital paid in advance and how much should that be that should be the 140 millions in advance which sounds a bit maybe a bigger request and secondly if I may as well um I don't hear you saying that one of your demands is changing the sanctions regime uh uh which is another discussion ongoing to instead of having a six months renewal longer periods of um open-ended. Is this something that for you it's essential to have a solid legal system or is not a must? It would be nice to get the sanctions valid until the end of the war or until Europe decides otherwise. uh the prolonging of the sanctions every 6 months always is a nervous moment uh because one of uh the countries is not aboard you know all know who it is and we have invented the solution of saying this is the Europe of 26 or we are the Europe of 27 minus one but of course if the minus one starts to be really problematic and says I will use my veto and this decision cannot be made to prolong sanctions that could pose an imminent threat if you confiscate money because the moment the sanctions fall, 3 seconds later, Russia will knock on the door to get its money back. So, it would be nice if you would have a solution for that as well. I didn't even mention that because I'm a nice person and I don't want to mention every problem in Copenhide. I mentioned this as well. Then I still mentioned 10 problems. This one is not away. I just didn't mention it again, but you are so nice to ask the question. So, uh that is also a problem that is still uh that is still there. there that still is lurking there. Um, we seem to be all right. It's become more or less a tradition. Anything on Ukraine is 26 seems like Hungary is fine with that. They are not engaging in the discussions and it's almost like um automatic. It isn't even openly said anymore during the meeting. Everybody knows this is the 26 and next topic we're 27 again. So we seem to be fine for the moment but it would be better to have a structural solution if you start seizing money for um the sanctions as well. Uh the liquidity safety net is this a demand? Yes, of course. This is a demand. This is the guarantee. It's liquidity needs to be there immediately. Immediately if it goes wrong you need the liquidity immediately. It has to be there. That's the safety net. Is that something that I demand? I cannot help but uh underline that Christard said this is the absolute condition before you can go forward. If you take the money and the market sees that there is no liquidity solution for when it goes wrong you're immediately in trouble. Immediately in trouble because this would undermine the trust in the entire financial system of Europe. Uh again I've I think I already mentioned it. The euro clear holds trillions of assets. Trillions. If the idea is that they can be politically taken and that there is no liquidity guarantee if this happens, that seems like a very bad idea. So the liquidity safety net has to be there. It has to take the form of a cash guarantee. How much should it be? Very good question. Is it the amount of the money that you use or is it the amount plus the amount of potential damage of litigation? To give you the example of oligarch Freriedman, he has 8 billion frozen in Luxembourg, but he claims for 16 billion. Will he win or will he lose? We don't know. But the the once you go in uncharted waters, you're not only risking the money you use, but also the damages because legally you're not certain that you are allowed to do what you're doing. So how strong should the liquidity safety net be? Very strong. It should be very strong. It should be actually the amount of the damage that you suffer when it goes wrong. So yeah probably if you would divide it uh amongst the member states it would not be uh described in the terms of amounts but in percentages. If you have take x% of the European GDP you have to take x% of the risk. Is it 140 billion? Then it is x% of 140 billion. Are the damages 200 billion? Then it's x% of 200. That's a liquidity safety net. Yes. Hi, I'm for your news. Thank you for this. Um, just on Christine Lagard's recommendation that you should move with a non Euro economy um to minimize the risks. Is that for you a prerequisite? And if so, do you expect to have talks with any any other economies before the December summit? Uh, me personally, no. I'm not a European Commission. I'm not responsible to find solutions for all problems. I of course offer my help and our expertise but our expertise is mainly around Eurocle clear in the assets. We have a lot of people working on that as you can imagine we are already suffering from a lot of litigation. We have a lot of knowledge on that on the risk and the litigation and the uh liquidity uh in Euroclear. uh this we know uh I don't think it's up to me to start calling Japan and and other countries to say hey I have a great idea uh why don't you join us in confiscating money or quasi confiscating money I think uh it's up to other people to do that I think the most likely candidate is probably the United Kingdom because they have been talking about the use of assets for quite a long time but they have always been so nice to talk about my assets but If they have so many ambition to use immobilized assets probably they will have no objection uh using their own immobilized assets as well but we'll see we'll see there's also Canada there is there's there's other countries United States as well Japan is the first country who actually already decided that central bank money can never be touched which is what uh is legal Until a few months ago, everybody thought that that was what international law prescribed. You don't touch uh central bank money. We never did. Yeah. The nice gentleman. In Copenhagen 3 weeks ago, uh you said that maybe as an alternative solution, the coalition of the willing should become the coalition of the bill. Did you uh table that proposal again today? Is this one of the options that the commission should investigate next week? Well, I mentioned uh in Copenhagen, but I also mentioned this at the last meeting of the coalition of the willing. The coalition of the will should become the coalition of the bill. Um when we gathered in uh in Paris at the LA when we were all there, I said, "Can we also become the coalition of the bill?" um since Paris and Copenhagen. I could uh give you the number of phone calls I got from Coalition of the willing members to say that's a great idea, but it tends to zero. It actually is zero. So there is no alternative to the using there is always an alternative. Uh maybe there there are alternatives possible. We all want to support Ukraine. the coalition of the will is there saying we stand with Ukraine whatever it takes. We've said that many many many times. So if we talk let's be honest about um a financial need I I've read a figure of 45 billion a year to keep Ukraine afloat. That's not a lot of money. If you look at who is in the coalition of the will 45 billion it's not the end of the world. I think the countries who are member of the coalition of the willing, if they are willing to pay the bill, they could easily do so. 45 billion is a lot of money, but if you look who's member of that club, it should be doable. But then it's a question of money mouth putting them together and then you have an alternative solution which be which would be legally a lot more solid because if you would um put that money on the table and you would lend it to Ukraine the logic could also be that the money that is immobilized could be used as a warrant. If we all think that at the end of the war Putin will never get his money back, then you shouldn't be afraid of lending Ukraine money because there's a warrant. Of course, a cynical person would ask who's going to finance the reconstruction then. You can only spend the euro once. That's a question because I'm so nice that I didn't ask today. If you take all the euro clear money and you've always said this will be used to reconstruct Ukraine. If you use it all for the war, the war ends, you have zero euro left for the reconstruction of Ukraine. And who's going to pay for that? On whose door is uh Ukraine going to knock to say help us please for the reconstruction of our country? It will be not be put in because he said I already jad I already lost my assets. It will be us again. and you can only spend the euro once. If you do it now, then you don't have it at a moment where you could legally use it and where immobilized assets have been used before in history and where you have legal ground beneath your feet to do it. So, I would prefer an alternative solution, but uh again, I'm only poor little Belgium. The only thing I can do is uh point out where the problems are and to uh gently ask uh solutions for the essential problems. I didn't even mention all this just the essential problems.